
# How To Choose Between Of Many Deep Learning Platforms?

As of the writing of this essay, the tech community has been
innundated with deep learning platform claiming record smashing
performance. Each of the platforms might feature buzz words revolving
around high-throughput distributed parallel computing. Depending on
which tech sub-community you are at, your news stream might be blasted
with essays touting TensorFlow (if you are Bay Area bound), CNTK (if
you live near Redmond, WA), or MXNet (if you live in Downtown
Seattle).

Most of the DL tool chain introductions focus on a specific platform
without horizontal comparison. I would like to provide a wide
horizontal review across most of the major DL platforms in this
article. I will provide a few check points to consider on how to
choose what deep learning platform to adopt. Hopefully you will get a
good idea about the judgement after reading this artilcle. I
summarized all these information partly thanks to my day job as an
experienced machne learning scientist. The factors considered should
cover folks from rookies to seasoned ML architects in the IT field.

Actually the Chinese version of this article has been first featured
on
[Leiphone.com](http://www.leiphone.com/news/201611/KTwbq22oseK6B6iJ.html). I
doodled that essay on 2016 Thanksgiving night after eating Turkey. My
lovely wife skipped Black Friday shopping so that I can concentrate on
the essay. To my great surprise, the article was very well received
and got featured on multiple portal sites including 163.com and
Toutiao.com . I shared snippets of the finding to my non-Chinese
speaking colleagues, and they find the summarization very helpful as
well. With the inputs from quite a few helpful colleagues, here we go,
we got this article.

